
1How long since the Apocalypse started?
  None
 30-180
 180- 365
 +365

Good thinking planning ahead
2How do you think the virus will be spread?
  air
  only by zombie contact
  water
  human contact

3What possible zombies could you be facing?(choose up to 3)
Unknown
Slow
Quick
Strong
Weak
Smart
Dumb

4Do you have friends?
  yes
  no
5How many can you trust with your life?
  a.none
  less than half
  just 1
  all

  a. Cause you can't trust any of your friends stick with them, and sacrifice them before they can sacrifice you. It's a reality that's better you face now!

1



2 Shit hit the fan, time to plan.



*What type of zombies are you dealing with?
Unknown
Slow
Quick
Strong
Weak

*Do you have any idea of how the virus spread?
air
only by zombie contact
water
human contact

6Are you in a group?
yes
no

*What size?

7In what kind of place are you?
Urban
1Rural
2City
Suburban

8How are you feeling?

Do you think of yourself as mentally stable person?


9What was your previous occupation?

*Do you have a preffered weapon?
firearms
melee weapons (blades)
Cross Bow
Slingshot
Improvised/homemade


What transport do you have?
bike
tank
scooter
car

Resources?
*How much time would the food you have stocked last?
1 day
1 week
1 month
1 year or +

1 Are you planting vegetables
1 Are you farming?
*How many miles you have to transport to get water?
>1m
1m-3m
3m-8m
<8m

* How many super markets do you have in a range of 0.5miles?
1
2-4
4+

*How fit are you?
kind of
very
Morbid obese
Schwarzenegger

RESPONSE
100%
STEP 1
The first you should do is put on as many different layers of clothes as possible.
(Luckily you live in a cold state and have many winter clothes available)
Make sure no skin is showing and has several layers.
This will slow your movement and reflexes but it will also make it harder for them to get a good bite on you.
FACT: biting through a sweatshirt is difficult and biting through Carhart clothes is nearly impossible.
Granted that the zombies will have stronger bite strength then humans but that is crushing strength and if you
double up the sweatshirts and Carhart or other materials it should beable to stop the teeth or nails from breaking the skin.
(Note that the crushing power of the human jaw is actually enough to crush bones but bones can heal and the Z-infection can not).

CARDIO is a solid rule. Stay in shape so you don’t tire out at the wrong time

STEP 2
Step two is a two part step- first you must arm yourself temporarily ( In Step 4 you will be upgrading)
Set up a temporary home base of opperations wherever you are (best place could be the second story apt with only one entrance).
If power is still on at this point you should be inviting people you trust in the area and establish a group of survivors to help.
If there is an un-dead army out there you'll want to have your own.
Unlike harry potter you will gladly enlist the help of my friends and family and even strangers.

STEP 3
Once you have contacted whoever is close enough to get to your place, you will leave them there to defend while taking all the bags
you can carry, plus your weapon, and procuring a vehicle preferably a truck, which you will then take to the closest grocery store
to load up on canned goods and what food you can.

STEP 4
The Roads will undoubtably be clogged with traffic.  What we cannot crash our way through we will have to go around.
Using the ducks to travel a combination of rivers and road we will head to the West, but not west of the rockies.
I want to go to the west for mulitple reasons.  1) less people = less zombies.. I get there are huge sprawling cities in the west,
but there are also a lot of very small towns and I am hoping the Z’s will group up in the cities  2) wide flat spaces = seeing them
coming after you ( at least better than say in the woods) I don’t want anything to sneak up on me.  3) I am anticipating a rush
of people going north and hoping to avoid that.  Also I feel that my survivability increases in the warmer dry climate vs. a
freezing north or mountain terrain.  If you know how to survive up those environments then more power to you… I am just being
realistic.. it isn’t for me.  4) Stay Mobile:  The lots of small towns I mentioned earlier I will raid for supplies
(food, water, weapons, and radios) will make staying on the move easier.
I do not know if this is true but they say everyone carries a gun in Texas, which would probably be a good place for us
survivors to find ammunition.   5) I really want to point this out again.. I am scared of being stuck in cold weather and I feel that
I can survive better in warm weather than cold. I mean you ever hear of the donner party or play oregon trail.. cold is bad..(I admit heading north and trying to freeze out the zombies has many valid points but realistically… its a bad bet)

SIDENOTES
Side note: I was just reminded about this. Once a person is bit there is usually a window of time before they turn into one. No way we are going to take them out before they turn. I see this as a chance at their redemption.  In my group, if  you get infected,   you get a weapon and a chance to take out as many of them as possible before you turn. If everyone goes down fighting we can slowly even the numbers.







<ol>
<li> Team up with other survivors In case of a zombie apocalypse, human company is ever so helpful.</li>
<li> Don’t forget to pack fresh underpants and socks. You never know when you return…</li>
<li> Travel with pensioners. Senior citizens make for spritely and vigorous fighters (and are slower than you).</li>
<li> Rub curry sauce all over you. You will look a monstrocity and the pungent smell will cover up your human aroma. But be careful: Not only zombies, but also fellow soldiers can take you for someone undead.</li>
<li> Use common sense. Don’t elect a psychopath as your leader, and always keep your group together. This isn’t a ‘Scooby-Doo’ mystery — you’re trying to stay alive.
  No matter how tempting it is, never split up. There’s strength in numbers. When it’s just you and 120 zombies, your odds of survival decrease significantly.</li>
<li> And most important of all (besides not getting bit), have a back up for everything. Back up generators, batteries, ammunition, food, escape routes, weapons supplies, vehicles, leaders and so on, ad infinitum.
  When the gooey zombie juice hits the fan, every second counts. By the time you say, “Now where did I leave my extra gun clip,” some greasy monster just back from the dead will have already ripped your arm off, or your head. (Plan ahead with this handy “map of the dead.”)
  You’ve got to be smart out there, and stay ahead of the pack. Remember, the dead don’t sleep. If one of them catches you snoozing on the job unprepared, it will simply add you to the zombie ranks, or turn you into an all-you-can-eat buffet.
  Good luck out there. And keep your brains where they belong — in your head.</li>
<li> If you like wearing heels, unlucky, time to get rid of all of your high heel shoes.
  Get hold of some sturdy boots that will last, as well as some trail shoes built for speed, because you’re going to be doing an awful lot of running.</li>
